#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

I assume you have the Kettle folder installed on your file system.

==Step 1 - download and install==

Now, download the *AlfrescoPlugin.tar.gz* archive from this web-site home page and extract it into this folder:

                          ../*<kettle root>*/plugins/steps

E.g.: c:/Kettle/plugins/steps

After archive extraction you should have a path like this:

                  ../*<kettle root>*/plugins/steps/*AlfrescoPlugin*

and into the AlfrescoPlugin folder you should have these files:
  * alfrescoicon.png
  * alfrescoplugin.jar
  * plugin.properties
  * plugin.xml

==Step 2 - plugin.properties==

I developed the plugin in order to be used with an Alfresco Custom Content-Model. As you know well, a custom content-model is a custom entity used build documents with specific metadata.
For example, you may need to build documents into Alfresco that identifies a car. A car has some specific characteristics and it's very useful to define them as document metadata, specially to be able to perform useful research into Alfresco. Then, if I want to typify a document with some specific metadata, I've to define a Custom Content-Model, as an xml file, with custom properties as:
  * carModel
  * carEngine
  * carColour
  * ecc...

Then let's assume you have defined and configured the Custom Content-Model into Alfresco. (I believe the plugin works with standard content-model too...).

Now, the only file you have to configure is the *plugin.properties*.

This file contains some plugin properties regarding the Alfresco repository and the Alfresco Custom Content-Model you want to use:
  * *alfresco.custom.property.doc.content*
This property value is the step input field from which the plugin will read the content to be filled into document objects loaded into Alfresco repository.

  * *alfresco.loading.path*
This property value is the path of the Alfresco repository Space (folder) into which you want to load the documents.

  * *alfresco.endpoint.address*
This property value represent the Alfresco API endpoint url; usually *http\://localhost\:8080/alfresco/api*

  * *alfresco.custom.property.title*
This property specifies the step input field to be used to fille the Alfresco Document Title metadata.

  * *alfresco.custom.property.primarykey*
This property specifies the Alfresco custom content-Model metadata to be used to distinguish unequivocally a Document loaded into Alfresco. Indeed, the Alfresco plugin is able to control if a Document already exist into a specified path into Alfresco Repository through the primaryKey property.

  * *alfresco.custom.property.doc.description*
This property specifies which step input field is to be used as description for Alfresco Document.

  * *alfresco.content.username=admin*
The alfresco Content username.

  * *alfresco.custom.namespace.url*
The alfresco Custom Content-Model namespace.
E.g.: htt://www.mynamespace.it/model/content/1.0

  * *alfresco.custom.content.type=ritrovamento*
The Alfresco Custom Content-Model name.
E.g.: car

  * *alfresco.content.password=admin*
The Alfresco Content password.

  * *cms.type=alfresco*
The CMS type. Now only alfresco is supported by plugin, then the value of this property will be: `alfresco`.